hello I'm Nick coming up today I hit the
lanes with the Klaxons as they talk
second album title and release news for
kings of leon's next record as well as
baby news for lily and headliner got it
from mr. Eavis the Klaxons 2007 album
myths of the near future was arguably
the record of the year earning plaudits
left right and sundry winning the
mercury prize and then supporting blur
on the biggest comeback of the decade
last year the pressure is surely on with
their new record surfing the void the
only thing about pressure is and it
takes away from fun and my arm or
approaches that we have fun app see
every minute of the day so that's got
stay out and stay out at the door and
their album tip for the summer is the
mystery jets serotonin but it seems the
boys are busy mates and feed off each
other with their musical help of that
that level of excitement will Friedle
each other in a sense of listening to
each other's latest single I'm really
enjoying each other's music and said I'm
good right now you're all taking pop
easy that way like that's great so we're
definitely cousins now it makes you
proud to be British doesn't it the
festival guys and kings of leon fans
will be excited to hear that the band
are showing off their new tracks at this
summer with a now confirmed release date
of octob 18th here in the UK for their
fifth record come around sundown is the
name of their latest offering and fans
can expect the boys at their blues rock
best now everyone's dream dad Michael
Eavis has confirmed he has actually
booked two of his three headliners for
glasto 2011 that's it I'm afraid as it
told anyone who they are but the Friday
night slot has been offered to you two
had to pull out of this year's event
because of bono's gammy back I bet
they're gutted they missed the
sun-soaked spectacle
and last up time for some good news
congrats to Lily Allen who has announced
her pregnancy today the UK's pop Madame
and boys Sam Cooper are expecting at
their first sprog and sadly lil fans it
will mean the sabbatical away from music
that we all expected will be I think
that's all for now join us tomorrow for
more of your latest music news